Fengchen, you are finally here
Sister Tan, what's so urgent?
I'm exhausted.
100,000 bucks for a night
100,000 you insult me
Not enough, at least 1 million
As long as the next thing is done
I give you 3 million house
Tan, I'm just kidding
So what's going on?
If you can help me, I will definitely help
Then I really said
Well, I want you to be my husband.
Oops, it's fake.
To deceive my mother
Don't force me to go on a blind date with his rich second generation
That's fine.
You can eat spicy food in the future
I don't like him!
My mom threatened to repossess the house
So I'm going to ask you to pretend to be my husband
And let my mom give up
I already have a wife
Not very convenient.
Why don't you ask your mother to take that house back?
You should be filial to his old man
I'm counting on him to live
What do you want me to do in the future?
You take this card
Any future high-end consumption
Luxury stores can spend for free.
It can also be used to save lives when necessary
Yo Yo Yo real or fake
You wouldn't lie to me with a fake card, would you?